# Emergency Landing Application

This program will print a list of airports and runways that are closest to a given location. The program will list airports that have runways longer than a given minimum length. It will also print the distance from the given location to the airport. In a fictional scenario, a pilot who encounters an emergency situation would use your program to get a list of the nearest landing options. The pilot would enter his/her current location as latitude and longitude (in degrees decimal) as well as the minimum runway length needed to land(in ft).

The program will first read data from two text files containing information about Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) facilities and runways. The files Facilities.txt and Runways.txt are provided and contain a list of 19700 facilities (such as airports, heliports, seaplane bases) and 23595 runways located mostly in the United States, but also in remote locations. Each line in the Facilities.txt file contains the description of a facility(airport, heliport or seaplane base). The first part of the line contains the site number, a 10-character string that uniquely identifies the facility. The rest of the line contains other information, including the facility type, name, code, and position (latitude and longitude in various formats). For example, San Francisco International Airport has site number 02187.*A, type AIRPORT, code SFO, name SAN FRANCISCO INTL, latitude 135427.7000Nand longitude 440551.5000W(expressed in seconds decimal). 